docs: Add a design doc for the ocs to ocs StorageConsumer CR and its controller (#1422)
red-hat-storage/ocs-operator: docs/design/ocs-to-ocs-storageconsumer.md

# OCS to OCSs : StorageConsumer CRD

## Introduction
This document describes the design of StorageConsumer CR(and accompanying controller) representing consumer cluster inside the provider cluster. An abstraction on top of lower level rook resources that need to be defined in order to enable storage consumption by a specific consumer cluster and acts as a source of truth for consumer cluster requests/configuration. 

## Design Details

### API design of StorageConsumer
```yaml
apiVersion: ocs.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: StorageConsumer
metadata:
  name: consumer-1
  finalizers:
    - <string>
  namespace: openshift-storage
spec:
  capacity: <resource.Quantity> - optional
status:
  state: <string>
  grantedCapacity: <resource.Quantity>
  cephObjects:  

>     rbdPoolName: <string>

Reviewer: Replace rbdPoolName with blockPoolName?
https://github.com/red-hat-storage/ocs-operator/pull/1413#discussion_r762820767

## Design Details

### API design of StorageConsumer
```yaml
apiVersion: ocs.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: StorageConsumer
metadata:
  name: consumer-1
  finalizers:
    - <string>
  namespace: openshift-storage
spec:
  capacity: <resource.Quantity>
status:
  state: <string>
  grantedCapacity: <resource.Quantity>
  cephObjects:  
    blockPoolName: <string>
    cephUser: <string>
  connectionDetails: <*v1.SecretKeySelector>
```

* `spec.capacity` Will define the desired capacity (quota)
requested by a consumer cluster deployment.

* `status.grantedCapacity` Will report the capacity granted to the consumer cluster by the provider cluster

* `status.state` Will report the state of the StorageConsumer. Available states are Ready, Configuring, Deleting, Failed. 

* `status.cephObjects` Will report the created ceph objects required for external storage. 

> * `status.connectionDetails` Will hold the reference to secret containing external connection details (blob). 

Reviewer 2: Add a `TODO` item to provide the definition/structure of the Secrets we'll be referencing.

### Design of StorageConsumer controller

> #### There are be 3 types of operations which will be added to the StorageConsumer controller

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### StorageConsumer Operations
```

* **OnBoarding:** On creation StorageConsumer CR, the controller Sets a finalizer on the CR. The `spec.capacity` field is set during the onboarding request by the consumer and based on its value, it creates the relavent rook resources with quota. When all the rook resources are ready, the controller updates the `status.grantedCapacity` and `status.cephObjects`. Then it performs the operation to extract the external connection details (blob) from the created resources and stores it in a secret. The `status.connectionDetails` is updated with reference to the created secret.

> * **UpScaling/DownScaling:** On modifying the `spec.capacity`, the controller reconciles by modifying the quota of the underlying rook resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **UpScaling/DownScaling:** When the `spec.capacity` field is modified, the controller reconciles by modifying the quotas of the underlying Rook-Ceph resources.
```
